fix: redact sensitive environment vars and CLI args (#2788)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/imperative/CHANGELOG.md

## Recent Changes

> - BugFix: Redacted sensitive environment variables and command-line arguments from the diagnostic information written to the log when a command handler fails to load or throws an error, preventing credentials supplied via environment variables (for example, `ZOWE_OPT_PASSWORD`) from being persisted to disk in plain text. [#2788](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2788)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Redacted sensitive environment variables and command-line arguments from the diagnostic information written to the log when a command handler fails to load or throws an error. This prevents credentials supplied via environment variables (for example, `ZOWE_OPT_PASSWORD`) from being persisted to disk in plain text. [#2788](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2788)
```

Reviewer: Thinking that splitting it up into two sentences might make it easier to read.

Author: Good call, thanks for the suggestion 😸
